
Rhythmic beats pleasantly hit the ears, make the head sway slightly to the beat. Bare feet under the table can not resist, slightly dance. The whole body is in the music. It flows through the veins, becomes part of the blood composition and every cell. Closed eyes complete, completely taking consciousness to another space.

 

"What the fuck are you doing, Father?"

 

Jungkook's eyes snap open as he walks back to his small room. He's back at his desk by the window, bent over an empty notebook page where he's been trying to write for the last twenty minutes. So what's the fucking essay? Behind the door, the scolding of my father and older brother, who have returned from a long drink, does not stop. They even shouted over the music playing in their headphones. A new record.

 

Jungkook lets out a loud sigh and drops his head on his folded hands. All attempts to concentrate and abstract went down the drain. At this rate, he'll never graduate from fucking high school.

 

He reaches for the battered phone next to him, its display cracked. One click-and the current track is replaced by another, louder and faster, but even this does not drown out the noise outside the room. Just don't get into a fight there, there's nothing left to break in the house. Jungkook would love to come out and get involved, to stop this from happening, but his brother absolutely forbids him to get involved in adult conversations. He also says that the main thing for Jungkook is to study, and the elder will take care of the rest himself.

 

And it seems to have been like this since Jungkook was born.

 

He doesn't remember a father or mother who died of an overdose ten years ago ever caring for any of their children. All that they were obsessed with, that they could cherish and cherish like their own children — drugs and alcohol.

 

But my brother told me that this was not always the case. There were times, those wonderful times that Jungkook didn't get to be born in, when their family was prosperous and didn't need anything, lived in love and was full of happiness. The eldest was lucky to feel it, even if only for a short time. When he was eight years old, his father's small but successful firm went bankrupt. I had to sell the fairy-tale house and exchange it for a small rotten apartment in a poor area, from where the family's hopeless black streak began.

 

My father got drunk right away. Her mother held on, but with each passing day, her strength was failing as well. Poverty has not spared anyone.

 

A year later, Jungkook was born, which in this world was not even expected. When my mother found out about her situation, she immediately decided that she would get rid of it. The idea was supported by a drunken husband who didn't need an extra hungry mouth. They barely had enough money to live on (drugs). But here's the fucking problem: abortion is illegal. Then the mother decided to carry the child in order to get at least some pennies from the state for it. It wasn't for nothing that I had been waiting for all this for nine months.

 

The only person who was happy about Jungkook's birth was his older brother, who gave Jungkook love and care from the first days that he couldn't get from his parents who fell to the bottom.

 

Unwanted.

 

The mother, unable to support the baby, gave up and drowned after her husband. When Jungkook went to school, raised by his older brother, she died in some junkie's house with a circle of other hopefuls at the end of a needle. Only the eldest child grieved for her, who still somehow retained warm memories from his childhood, where everything was fine. Too bad Jungkook wasn't there. And once again drunk to the point of unconsciousness, the father did not even realize that his wife was gone.

 

The brothers grew up on their own, found ways to survive in the cruel world around them. There is no hope for anyone but ourselves. The elder taught me to be strong and never bend under anyone, no matter how hard it was.

 

The street, with its sometimes cruel but fair laws and regulations, helped to get back on its feet. Only they are correct, and what the politicians are talking about on the box is complete bullshit.

 

Only Jungkook grew up with a clear idea that this is what gave him his life.…

 

— Jimin?" Jungkook pulls off his headphones and turns to face his brother as he enters the room. Probably my father just went to bed, forgetting his dick about another scandal.

 

"Jungkook," the older boy glances around the room. His furious look that just tried to burn his father starts to cool down at the sight of the younger one. "What are you doing?" his voice is so casual, like he didn't just yell outside the door. Attempts to play a normal life. Jungkook just smiles at that, a little sad in his eyes. My brother spends every second of his life trying to make Jungkook a better person.

 

Hooke nods at his empty notebook. "I'm trying to make them, actually. Look, you're not going to get anything out of your father.…

 

"I know," Jimin says, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to Guk. "But this asshole doesn't want to think about anything at all. This money I earned you for a new backpack, and this one — " Puck glares at the door of the room. It's like he's going to break down and go punch his father in the face.

 

"I'll find the loot," Jungkook says, sounding confident as he turns to his brother.

 

"You're going to steal?" Jimin squints. "Don't even think about it, I told you that…

 

"I'm fucking going to work," Junior rolls his eyes.

 

— What the fuck kind of job?"

 

— What's the big deal?" You've been plowing since you were ten, " Hooke says indignantly.

 

"Think about your studies, you fucker. At least someone in this fucked-up family has to become a human — " Jimin says sternly, looking the little guy in the eye. One solid steadfastness. You can't fucking break it.

 

Jungkook sighs loudly and folds his arms across his chest, pressing his back against the back of the chair.

 

"When we're absolutely pinned down, then you can go." I can take care of everything for now, " Jimin says more calmly, getting up from the bed and going to the closet. "Okay, more on that later. Now you're coming with me to a party with a friend.

 

— What about the lessons?" Jungkook straightens up and raises his eyebrows as he stares at his brother rummaging through the closet.

 

— I don't want to leave you with this "— Jimin nods at the door — " in the same house."

 

"He'll sleep until morning." Guk chuckles, thinking back to the beating on his body that his father gave him. However, this is all that he can give his child.

 

"I don't give a shit. Let's go, Guk-yi. Jimin turns to face his brother, cologne in hand.

 

Hooke looks down at his faded yellow Iron Man T-shirt and pulls it off, dropping it on the floor. Jimin takes a couple of whiffs of his tart-scented cologne, then goes over to the smaller one and repeats the same thing.

 

Jungkook winces and sneezes softly. "You hit me in the nose!"

 

"It won't be too much," Jimin smiles, tossing the bottle on the bed and pacing around the room, turning over the wardrobe, the dresser, looking for something.

 

— What should I wear?" Jungkook asks, glancing at his reflection in the closet mirror. He frowns and stands sideways, flexing his muscles like he's posing for a magazine cover. So it can hang for hours.

 

"Take a T-shirt from me," the older man says without turning around.

 

"Yeah," Hooke says thoughtfully, still looking at himself. The abs on the stomach are already a little looming, the biceps are also taking shape. Jungkook grins in satisfaction and nods to himself.

 

His brother's loud voice makes him jump. Jungkook notices a scowl in the reflection behind him. "What's up?" You're still a long way off my uniform, " Jimin grins, throwing his black T-shirt in the kid's face.

 

"I've been working on this," Jungkook points at his abs with his index finger, holding a discarded T — shirt in his other hand, " for six months, and you've been working on this all your life."

 

Jimin quickly pulls on a dark gray hoodie and hides a silver chain with a small cross on it.

 

As soon as Jungkook puts on his T-shirt, Jimin pulls Jungkook over to him, and with quick movements of his fingers, he arranges his brother's tousled dark brown hair.

 

"I'm fine as it is," Hooke grumbles, pushing the older man's hand away.

 

"It's like you haven't combed your hair in a year, moron," Jimin doesn't give up and, cutting off the resistance of the little one, continues to do the semblance of styling, like a normal person, as it seems to him. "Well, go like a bum, I'll tell you I don't know you," the older boy grins and pretends to spit on his palm to lick Hooke's unruly hair.

 

"Fuck Jimin! Shallow yells and swoops down, skimming out of the battlefield. "I'll tell you I don't know you, faggot," Hooke grumbles, grabbing his Nike white windbreaker.

 

"Little bitch," Jimin chuckles. "Fuck off and wait for me in the car, I'll be right there."

 

Jungkook rolls his eyes and adjusts his hair, arranging it the way he wants it to be. The apartment has a suffocating stench from fumes. Hooke winces and holds his breath, hastily pulling on his cross-country shoes before his lungs run out of oxygen. Abruptly lacing up, he slips out of the apartment and runs down the stairs. Jimin's dark blue BMW Troika is parked in the driveway. Hooke looks around. When evening comes, grannies and mothers with their backbones hide in apartments, not daring to go out in the dark.

 

Jungkook walks around the wheelbarrow and pulls the handle of the passenger side door. It's open. Jimin is completely unafraid of his precious BMW being stolen. He trusts the local boys as much as he trusts himself.

 

The interior is filled with the sweet smell of fragrance hanging on the rearview mirror. Jungkook watches the Christmas tree sway for a few seconds before reaching for the radio. The front door creaks open, distracting Hooke from enjoying the rap of the great Eminem. Jimin, running his fingers through his dyed red hair, walks over to the car and opens the door.

 

— You didn't kill your father, did you?" Guk asks, raising an eyebrow as he watches Jimin get behind the wheel.

 

"I'd like to," the older man says dryly, putting the key in the ignition and starting the engine. "Get back, Yoongi will sit in the front."

 

"Really?" Hooke's brows meet in indignation. "Fuck, I'm already sitting so comfortably…

 

"Sit in the back, bro, don't fuck around," Jimin shoves a whitefish between his teeth and turns to the younger boy.

 

He glares at Puck for a few seconds and then gets out of the car with a heavy sigh, grunting like a decrepit old man. He slams the door ostentatiously and gets in the back, swinging his legs over the front seat.

 

Jimin grins and steps on the gas as he pulls out onto the road.

 

Jungkook bends his elbows and puts them under his head, making a pretentious face. "Hurry up, driver," he says to Jimin with a swagger, meeting his brother's eyes in the rearview mirror.

 

"You're a fucking boss, Guk-i," Jimin laughs, slapping his brother's leg. "Where's the firmness in your voice?" Or are you just going to give your" driver " a hard time?

 

"I said hurry up!" Jungkook immediately puts on a rough tone, swinging his legs down and placing his elbows on both of the front seats. "Yoongi couldn't have walked to us?" "What is it?" he asks, ducking his head slightly and looking out at the street. It took them exactly ten seconds to get to the house next door where Min lives.

 

"We have to get out of here anyway," Jimin shrugs, stopping at the entrance where Yoongi lives and leaning back. It doesn't jam the bmw engine.

 

Jungkook leans back and folds his arms across his chest, watching the wisps of smoke Jimin lets out. Acrid fog is rapidly spreading through the cabin. The sound of the passenger door opening distracts Hooke from his observations. Yoongi wasn't long in coming.

 

"Oh, Jungkook-ah," Min says with a hint of surprise in his hoarse, smoky voice, turning to the pouting Jungkook. He nods in greeting. Yoongi lifts the corners of his mouth up and turns to Jimin, who has finished his cigar. — Is he coming with us?"

 

"Yeah, I don't want to leave him with my dad," Jimin says, starting off. Yoongi nods knowingly and shoves his hands into the pockets of his Adidas black trowel.

 

— What about the lessons?" "What is it?" he asks, looking down the road with a short grin. - Shkolota still. Don't get too drunk.

 

Jungkook rolls his eyes. I'd rather be eighteen years old and have a fucking prom.

 

"I want to get fucked up," he says suddenly, raising an eyebrow. — Once is not a faggot like some people…

 

"You know a lot about faggots," Jimin chuckles, giving his brother a quick glance and turning back to the road.

 

— Did he even have a girlfriend?" Yoongi smiles, winking at Hooke in the rearview mirror.

 

— You faggots shouldn't care. I'm going out with a girl today — " Jungkook says firmly, giving his older siblings a serious look.

 

"If adult aunties want to fuck a sucker," Yoongi can't help but laugh.

 

"Actually, big moms like younger guys," Hooke says.

 

— Why is the child not riding in a child seat? Min says to Jimin, and they both giggle.

 

"Fuck you," Jungkook rolls his eyes, putting his headphones in his ears.

 

 

Jungkook listens to music on his phone and watches Jimin and Yoongi chat all the way back to the house where the party is being held. Not hearing their conversation, Guk makes up some of his own dialogues for them and chuckles softly because of them. He also notices Jimin's hand sliding down Yoongi's rather thin knee, squeezing slightly at the kneecap, and quickly returning to the steering wheel. Yoongi does the same thing, sometimes leaning down and whispering something in Jimin's ear, even touching his lips to that very ear. Too queer.

 

But they can be forgiven.

 

They don't hide their relationship from Jungkook, and they never show anything to each other in public that might suggest they're not brotherly. They just look like the best friends Jungkook thought they were for a long time, until one day he burned them down after coming home from school. His brother was busy punching a groaning, high Yoongi in their shared room. The children's world turned upside down. But the two homos quickly explained to the little guy what was going on, and the world began to play with new colors. It was then that Jungkook recognized the word "tolerance".

 

"There's a lot of people here," Yoongi points out, getting out of the car.

 

There are a lot of cars and people near a small private house, the music is screaming, and there is more alcohol than all of them combined. Many of them are already high and high, some of them are almost fucking right on the path to the house. Swill carries everyone. There will be no end to the fun today.

 

Jungkook shoves his headphones and phone into the back pocket of his faded black jeans and trails behind Jimin and Yoongi in front. It's not Guk's first time at these gatherings, and Jimin's dragged a lot of things around, but every time the little guy feels like the first time (until he gets drunk like a pig). Noisy crowds of uncontrolled people are not for him. If you really have fun, then in the circle of close bros. This is Jungkook's comfort zone. But, to be honest, he does not like to drink (he says, being sober).

 

"Where's the ex — con," Jimin says with a smile, looking around at the drunken crowd in the house. It's amazing how this small building accommodates so many fucking people.

 

Hooke frowns, trying to understand what his brother is talking about.

 

"Do leaned back and rolled his eyes," Yoongi explains to the kid, putting an arm around his shoulder. "But I don't think you remember him."

 

- Do Jihan! Jimin says in a loud, fun drawl, grinning broadly and throwing his arms out to the sides for a big hug. At the end of the living room, near the hallway leading to the kitchen, sit about ten boys. Jungkook knows some of them, and has seen them around the area more than once. I know someone personally — my brother's sidekick.

 

— Jimin, what the fuck is that red hair on your head?" Jihan gets up from the couch and walks over to his friend, taking him in his arms and patting him on the back. He has a big smile on his face, and his black eyes glint in the dim light, burning with a bright flame. "Oh, Yoon, brother," Do pulls Yoongi to his side without letting go of Jimin. — I'm so fucking glad you're here."

 

— You've been gone seven years, bro. We're all so happy here, " Jimin says, finally breaking out of the tight, friendly embrace.

 

"Im will be released soon too, I've crossed paths with him, and then we'll all be together," Jihan laughs, looking at Hooke standing a little behind him. He frowns and points at it. "That's your bro, right?" Jungkook!

 

Hooke smiles shyly out of the corner of his mouth and moves closer. Do reaches out and gives Jungkook's hand a firm squeeze.

 

"Dude, you're the one who's grown up. Almost taller than Jimin already, " Jihan smirks, slapping Jungkook on the shoulder. — I remember you as a ten-year-old cunt. Life did not stand still without me, however. Yoongi's got a black fuck on his head, " Do nods at Min. — When did it become fashionable for men to dye their hair?

 

"You're in the past, bro," Jimin grins.

 

"Jungkook, you seem like the most normal person here, come back sometime when there aren't as many people around, bring me back to the present." Jihan laughs, poking a finger lightly at Hooke's temple. "Not like you fucking gopniks," Do says, looking drunkenly around the room. - Okay, stop fucking with me, let's get drunk.

 

And they start drinking. They sit around the table with drinks and snacks, like knights of the round table, remembering the past and drinking as if for the last time, interrupting only for whitefish, the smoke of which is nothing to breathe. But all this without Jungkook. He quietly takes the fuck out, leaving the drunken knights, whispering to his brother that he should take a leak, but, in general, to go to a quieter place. It's one thing to have music hammering at your ears through headphones, but it's another thing to have huge speakers shaking not only the floors, but also the roof of the house. Guk merges into the kitchen and finds himself in the temple of alcohol. He's literally everywhere. Some stop by to grab a bottle or can of beer.

 

Jungkook steps over the vodka crate and climbs to the edge of the bar, pulling the open bottle towards him and pouring more into the shot glass. It's a sin not to drink when there's so much swill around. Jungkook stares at the clear liquid shimmering in the light and swallows it in one gulp. There and holds, and not swallowing and puffing out his cheeks. He looks straight ahead with huge eyes and jumps up abruptly, flying to the sink and spitting vodka into it. There's a sickening taste in his mouth that makes him wince. Hooke looks around for something that isn't alcohol, and opens the refrigerator, takes out a paper bag of orange juice and pours it into his mouth, rinses it out to get rid of the taste of vodka, and swallows, wiping his lips with the palm of his hand.

 

I'm not in the mood for booze today.

 

Jungkook decides to steal a bag of chips from the snack table and swim into the stream of drunken people, and then go on as it goes. If only Jihan didn't see her and force her to drink. They're going to have toasts right now, one after the other.

 

As Hooke has time to notice, this house is quite well maintained and cozy. Of course, after the night apocalypse, everything will have to be restored, but this does not change the fact. Someone must have lived here all this time, while he was behind bars. Maybe someone from his family. Jungkook can't help but think about what Jimin once told him. Did their family have such a cozy and warm corner before? I can't believe it. Guk can't imagine his father being sober and adequate. And the mother… Jungkook doesn't even have anything to say about her. It's easier to assume that he never had one.

 

Guk pops a handful of chips into his mouth and chews quickly, looking around curiously as he makes his way through the crowd. Someone manages to jam him in the ass. Small turns around abruptly and notices a brightly smiling girl, who is probably already in her thirties. She looks very attractive and even ... seductive. And he was right: grown-up moms love little boys. Before Hooke can return the lady's charming smile, she turns away, throwing herself at a bearded bully. He shoots Jung a warning look. Small quickly merges into the crowd, quickly and nervously crunching chips. My heart was pounding as adrenaline coursed through my veins. Guk couldn't even put a guy like that down with Jimin and Yoongi.

Fuck these grown-up moms.

 

The crowd gets boring fast. Hooke notices his brother and his buddies laughing all over the house (even over the music). Jimin and Yoongi are definitely not driving today. With a mental sigh, Jungkook knows that he will have to drive them himself. And everything would be fine, except that drunken Jimin starts teaching his younger son to drive, as if he completely forgets that he's been able to do it since he was thirteen. Jungkook spots a door at the end of a short hallway near the kitchen, and before Jimin or one of the other knights can burn it down, he abruptly disappears through it.

 

The evening air feels so pleasantly fresh and clean after the smoke-filled room. Guk greedily inhales it before looking around. The house has a back yard with a beautiful and short-cropped lawn. Couples who haven't found a place in their rooms are huddled in the corners by the walls and the fence. Jungkook looks around and frowns, noticing a figure lying on the grass. He leaves the bag of almost finished chips on the railing and walks down the steps. This person on the grass can be bad. Hooke can't see much in the dim light. He peers, straining his eyes. The person doesn't even move. Maybe he's not feeling well. Jungkook isn't used to walking past when someone feels bad. He begins to feel uneasy. It accelerates and after a few seconds it is close by.

 

A guy with snow-white hair is lying on the grass. His big eyes are turned up, and a cigarette is smoldering in his fingers, which Jungkook doesn't even notice from the outside. The guy doesn't move or blink, doesn't show any signs of life. Jungkook frowns and looms over him.

 

— You okay, man?" He asks cautiously, looking into her brown eyes.

 

Nothing happens for a full minute. The blond doesn't answer or move. Jungkook is getting really worried.

 

What if he's dead?

 

"The sky is so... starry today —" the guy says suddenly. Jungkook flinches in surprise, feeling a herd of goosebumps rush through his body. The blond man's voice is low and deep, and he doesn't sound drunk at all. Hooke reflexively raises his head to the sky and freezes. Now it's clear what kind of sparkle is reflected in those brown eyes. He's not drugged, he's under the sky.

 

"But maybe..." Jungkook mumbles, looking back at the blond.

 

"But everything comes to an end," he says thoughtfully, holding the cigarette, which is almost burnt to the filter, to his dry, parted lips and holding it between them. He closes his eyes slowly and takes one last drag on his cigarette.

 

Jungkook feels awkward. He shifts from one foot to the other and glances at the door of the house. Maybe I should just fuck off and leave this weird guy behind. Hooke seems to have violated his personal space, but he doesn't look disturbed at all. He doesn't seem to care about anyone or anything. Everything but the cigarette between my lips and the sky above my head.

 

The boy is about to turn around and run back to join his brother, but the blond's voice slows him down, stopping him from taking a step.

 

"And that's the end of that cigarette," the guy flicks the butt off and laughs briefly, then suddenly becomes completely serious and looks Jungkook in the eye for the first time. Small again feels goosebumps running down the back of his neck. What the fuck is going on? "And it'll come to me if I don't get up now." He holds out his hands to Jungkook.

 

Hooke immediately grabs his warm, rough hands and pulls him up, helping him to his feet.

 

— I went too far today… I can't walk when I'm frowning a little more than usual — " the blonde staggers, confirming his words. He can barely stand on his feet. It swings from side to side like a tumbler. Hooke catches him just in time and leans on top of him, almost letting out a strangled groan. This dude is clearly not a fluff.

 

"I'm going to call someone," he says, looking for a place to put the drunk.

 

"Don't, don't, don't, don't..." the blond man shakes his head slightly and makes a martyred face, as if he's in pain. You'd have to get so drunk that you wouldn't be able to walk. Even Jimin wasn't that drunk. Jungkook begins to suspect that the blond man has severe alcoholism.

 

"Better get an ambulance," he says excitedly, almost falling over. The guy is too heavy. Just don't let both of them fall, or they won't be able to get up and die together.

 

- Fuck your ambulance, take me to my car, and then I'll do it myself, - the guy says, pointing somewhere with his chin.

 

Jungkook grunts skeptically.

 

"So where's your car?"

 

- Yes, here, next door, on the next street…

 

Jungkook drapes his arm over his shoulder and holds him tightly around the waist, leading him to the wooden gate. It's a good thing there's another escape route and you don't have to draw too much attention to yourself by pushing through the stuffy crowd. Jimin will definitely ask a few questions like, " Where did you pick up this homeless guy? Aren't there enough girls?", or he'll get up and start a fight with this one here…

 

"Listen, you smell good —" the blond man continues his drunken ramblings, barely able to move his legs. His black converse shoes were getting the hell of a mess on the asphalt. He sniffs the air noisily and grins. Hooke's eyes widen in surprise and he almost lets go of the guy for a second.

"Yeah, thanks," he grunts back, dragging the heavy, drunken carcass. — Since we're here for a long time, at least tell me your name."

 

The blond pauses again, staring thoughtfully into the distance with his alcohol-blurred eyes, and Jungkook is sad to realize that this is really going to be a long time. So who was forcing him to go to the aid of another drunk?

 

"Vincent..." the blond man says suddenly, turning his head to Jungkook and looking into his eyes. "Call me Vincent."

 

- Like from "Kiss" or something? Hooke asks, quickly looking away. This guy looks too weird. It's as if the very soul climbs and sees something forbidden. Well, fuck him.

 

"You don't know shit about art," Vincent clicks, rolling his eyes.

 

— What's your real name?" Hooke scoops up the better guy, holding him tighter and trying to speed up, his eyes frantically searching for a possible madman's car.

 

— What's wrong with that?" The blond guy sticks out his lower lip as if offended and frowns. "Is that your name?"

 

— Jung Jungkook…

 

"My name is better," Vincent grins. "Pull over, here's my car," he snaps out with his free hand and presses it against the hood of a black Merc model one hundred and forty, which they're crawling past at a snail's pace.

 

"Really?" Is that your car?" Hooke raises his eyebrows in mild surprise, giving the car an appraising look.

 

Vincent stretches his lips in a proud smile and reaches into the back pocket of his pale jeans. "Keys... fuck…

 

Jungkook rolls his eyes and leans the blond against Merce to keep from falling, thrusting his fingers into Merce's pocket to help him pull out his car keys.

 

Vincent grins, leaning his hips forward a little to make it easier for Hooke to reach the keys. The little guy looks at the guy questioningly and winces in disgust, abruptly putting the keys ringing in the silence of the street in his palm.

 

"Can you even drive a wheelbarrow?" "What is it?" he asks, moving a little to the side and watching as Vincent unlocks the merc, opens the driver's side door, and slowly climbs in like an old man.

 

"Of course! it sounds surprisingly cheerful, but it's a slow nod. Vincent tries to put the key in the ignition. Jungkook breaks down and laughs softly. — What are you laughing at, you bitch?" The blond turns his head sharply and gives him a glare that should have incinerated Jungkook.

 

— I don't know what's wrong with you, man." You're scowling like a pig, but you're talking like a sober person, " Jungkook says, chuckling as he walks over to the car. He covers Vincent's hand with his own and helps guide the key into the hole. — Well, that's it, the racer is ready.

 

"Close the door for me," Vincent frowns, making a focused face as he wraps his long fingers around the steering wheel.

 

I forgot to start my car. Jungkook snorts again and turns the key in the ignition. The roar of the awakened engine echoes down the street. Just as he's about to slam the door, Hooke suddenly changes his mind and turns off the engine.

 

— What the fuck?" Vincent says, glaring at Jungkook.

 

"Can I drive?" Jungkook suggests. How is this barely standing person going to get home safely? There's no way Jungkook is going to let him drive, otherwise there's no avoiding an accident. — I'll give you a ride home."

 

"No, don't even think about it," Vincent shakes his head and raises his index finger. "No fucking way, brother. Not a soul but mine is going to drive this car.

 

"You can't drive like this," Hooke says seriously.

 

"And if I crash..." says Vincent thoughtfully, and raises his eyebrows at the steering wheel. "It'll be beautiful." But sorry for the wheelbarrow…

 

Jungkook gasps in surprise. It's the first time he's ever heard people talk about death like that, with such excitement in their eyes.

"What's so beautiful about spilled guts?" he chuckles. — You can't drive, man.

 

"Okay," Vincent says, his voice deadpan. "Then I'll sleep in the back, I've done this a hundred times before," he starts to turn around and climb into the backseat with a grunt.

 

Jungkook stands rooted to the spot, his face full of shit as the blond climbs over and settles into the wide seat with his knees bent. The legs are too long to lie down at full length. Guk shuts the door for him without saying anything and turns around, walking back to Jihan's house.

 

There is a strange aftertaste in my heart. Jungkook can't even explain how he feels about suddenly bumping into this Vincent guy. It's all kind of incomprehensible, starting with the name and ending with the behavior. Hooke had seen all sorts of drunks, but this was the first time. And his eyes are clear, aware of everything. Too deep. He doesn't look like a typical kid from their neighborhood. And that's probably what makes Hooke think of him. It probably makes him turn off to the coffee and tea machine.

 

Jungkook doesn't let go of the idea that Vincent is in such a risky state and all alone. What if he decides to go home?

 

Jungkook scoops out all the change he keeps in his jeans pocket for the bus fare, and shoves it into the vending machine one at a time. As the typewriter prepares a drink, Jungkook nervously looks around and listens, hoping not to hear the sound of the merc's engine. As soon as the tea is ready, Guk grabs it and breaks into a light run, holding the paper cup carefully so as not to spill the hot liquid. There was no money left for the second cup.

 

As he turns the corner, Shallow lets out a sigh of relief when he finds the merc right where he left it. You can relax. Hooke slows down and walks over to the wheelbarrow, squinting through the tinted windows. And no sound from inside. Jungkook taps the window a couple of times with his knuckles and pulls the handle.

 

— I'm masturbating,"he says immediately from the dim interior. A single dim street lamp barely touches the car on the deserted street.

 

Jungkook feels the tips of his ears light up at what he's hearing. He pauses and listens, checking for the characteristic sounds of masturbation.

 

"Don't lie," Jungkook says, relieved, as he climbs into the car. "Drunks have a problem with that," he grins. Vincent leans back against the opposite door and swings one foot to the floor, giving the smaller one a place to sit.

 

"Want to check it out?" — What is it? " he asks. Her eyes flash, and her eyebrows shoot up. It's like he's really excited about the idea. His hands are already reaching for his fly.

 

"No, don't, I believe you! Hooke says quickly, shaking his head. "Take this and drink it." Maybe you'll sober up a little.

 

"From the tea?" Vincent grins, but accepts the cup, taking a quick sip immediately. "Sea buckthorn?" Where the fuck did you get it?

 

Hooke scratches the back of his head.

 

— I didn't know they even made tea there."

 

— How did you have to get drunk to not be able to walk?" Jungkook frowns and turns his body to face the blond, settling into a more comfortable position.

 

"If you try to drink the same amount, you'll die." Still small. How old are you anyway? The blond man asks, taking another sip.

 

"Seventeen," Hooke says, biting his lip.

 

"Little bunny," Vincent says suddenly, lowering his voice. It makes Jungkook uneasy.

 

"Z-bunny?" Are you a pedophile or something? "What is it?" he asks, hesitantly looking up into the blond's staring eyes.

 

"Yeah, I've got you," Vincent grins, pointedly running the tip of his tongue over his lower lip. "Fuck, the tea's leaking.

 

Jungkook exhales and rolls his eyes. Vincent is nowhere near that big guy in Jihan's house, which means that he can handle it quite easily. Moreover, he does not stand on his feet. Hooke isn't afraid of him, but if anything happens…

 

— What did you forget at Jihan's?" The blond man asks, returning his voice to its usual tone.

 

"My brother brought it," Jungkook shrugs and twitches as he feels a vibration under his ass. "Fuck," he sighs, standing up and pulling the ringing phone out of his pocket. "That's it," Small says to Vincent, who is sipping tea, and takes the call.

"Jungkook, where have you been?" a drunken voice comes over the speaker, trying to shout over the music playing in the background. "Jihan wants to be here…

 

"Jimin," Guk interrupts his brother, glancing at Vincent, who is lost in thought, " I got out of there. If anything happens, I won't be coming home at night.

 

"What?" Why?

 

— I'm here… I'm with a girl, " Jungkook says in a lower voice, biting his lip.

 

How strange would it be to say, "I'm sitting here with a stranger in his car and he might be a pedophile, but he's fucked up and I can't leave him alone"?

 

Vincent suddenly turns a questioning look at Hooke and breaks into a grin. And Jungkook feels uneasy again. Why the hell is his expression making me blush? It's a good thing there's no light. But Hooke isn't some snotty bitch to hide her face. Even from a drunk kid in the shit!

 

"Oh, Jungkook —" Jimin says, sounding genuinely proud. He must have stretched his smile from ear to ear. Guk just sighs heavily and rubs the bridge of his nose with his fingers. "I got it after all. Come on then, male, no more questions. Jihan, "he yells at his friend," bro, Jungkook's going to lose it today."…

 

Jungkook abruptly hangs up and shoves the phone into his pocket. Jimin's memory gets really bad when he's drunk. As if he doesn't know that the little guy hasn't been a virgin since he was fifteen. Thanks to the girl from school.

 

— Do I look like a wench?" Vincent asks suddenly, breaking the silence in the car. In the car, by the way, there is a pleasant smell of pine needles. An unobtrusive smell that even hard fumes do not overshadow. At least something nice.

 

"With a face like that..." Hooke wrinkles his nose slightly as he looks at the blonde's face. — You're a long way from a girl, man.

 

"Did you tell me the truth?" Vincent chuckles as he finishes his tea and throws the cup out the half-open window. This shitty neighborhood has long been drowned in garbage. "Wait a minute, Park Jimin or something?"

 

"Yeah, you know him?" Jungkook frowns.

 

"I crossed paths once on a business trip. So you're his little brother… But why are you Jung? The blond man asks, folding his arms across his chest.

 

"Mother's last name," Jungkook waves it off, making it clear that he doesn't want to pursue the subject further. — Why am I a bunny?"

 

— Did you see yourself?" Vincent smiles out of the corner of his mouth, pointing at the little guy with his chin. "The teeth are just like a hare's, and the eyes are black and huge. A dull look. No one called me that, did they? Hooke shakes his head. "The blind. Just like a bunny.

 

Jungkook imagines a cute little furry creature in his head, tries to find a resemblance to it, but sees nothing. The oddities don't end there.

 

"Look, since you're sitting here —" Vincent pushes himself up and turns his back on Jungkook, suddenly leaning back and resting his blond head on Jungkook's lap. A surprised face looks down at him. — I can feel you tense up. Relax, little bunny. I'll take a quick nap so I'll — " the blond man folds his arms and closes his eyes. He puts his feet on the seat, bent at the knees, and spreads them apart for comfort.

 

Jungkook freezes in awe, pressing his back against the door. They made a pillow out of it brazenly and without permission. And probably very comfortable for the blonde. A small smile of satisfaction plays on his slightly voluminous lips. Hooke glances at his face, noticing in the dim light the faint spot on the tip of his nose, the small scar on his cheek, and the slightly dark two-day stubble on his chin. The taut fabric of her black leather jacket hugged her prominent biceps. Because of the baggy jacket and white T-shirt underneath, Hooke initially thought that Vincent was skinny, but now he realizes with horror that this drunk is almost stronger than himself.

 

A ringing silence hangs in the cabin. Guk coughs softly to clear it up and opens his mouth.

 

"So... why Vincent?" "What is it?" he asks softly, but gets a soft snore in response. "Fuck," Jungkook sighs, leaning his head back in the seat and closing his eyes.

 

What a drunken mess to get into. This is the weirdest night of Jungkook's life. He really could have spent it with some girl, but he was stuck in the one hundred and forty merce with some Vincent under a boundless starry sky.

 



The sharp, loud roar of the engine and the vibration that runs through Jungkook like an electric shock through his entire body violently snaps him out of his sweet sleep. He jumps up abruptly and bangs the top of his head against the roof of the car.

 

"Fucking light! he curses, wincing painfully as he rubs the bruised spot. The sudden impact sent sparks flying from his eyes. Jungkook sits back in the seat and rubs his eyes, finally wiping away the remnants of sleep and trying to figure out what the fuck is going on.

 

The noise of the growling engine doesn't stop. Jungkook opens his eyes wide and leans forward, hanging between the black leather front seats. Vincent is behind the wheel, revving the engine.

 

"Hey, what are you doing?" Hooke asks, raising his voice above the loud noise.

 

The blond guy turns his head to the little guy and grins. His bangs have fallen over his eyes, making his gaze look rather intimidating. The leather jacket he was wearing yesterday is lying on the passenger seat. Jungkook notices small tattoos on his wiry brown arms, as if they were deliberately scattered over the skin.

 

"Good morning, kid," Vincent says, stopping spinning the engine. — How do you like my alarm clock?"

 

"I almost got a concussion," Jungkook grumbles and looks out the window. "Hey! Where are we? He yells in surprise, his eyes bulging. There are crowds of hurrying people around, hundreds of cars and high-rises. - The center or something?!

 

"I should have thrown you out somewhere," Vincent shrugs and reaches into his jacket pocket, pulling out cigarettes and a lighter.

 

— Are you serious?" Jungkook chuckles, staring at the blond. "Downtown?" I'll have to go home for half a day!

 

"That's what taxis and buses are designed for, young genius," Vincent says, lighting a cigarette and leaning back in his seat.

 

He looks so alert and fresh, as if he didn't drink himself half-dead yesterday. Doesn't even a hangover kill him? Jungkook can't help but wonder at the man. Besides, now Vincent seems more serious and even cold. Not at all the same as yesterday.

 

"I don't have a dime in my pocket," Jungkook rolls his eyes, remembering how he spent his savings on just such occasions as this, on this ungrateful asshole's tea. "Why don't you give me a ride home?"

 

"Fuck it, I have to go to work," the blond man says tonelessly, blowing a stream of smoke through the rolled-down window.

 

"Just a minute, man. Are you going to be a bastard or something? Hooke keeps up, his eyes fixed on Vincent's brooding profile.

 

"Fuck off, kid, I don't work part — time as a free taxi driver." He doesn't even look at Jungkook.

 

Guk purses his lips and gets out of the car, slamming the door with all his might and moving towards the nearest bus stop. Maybe you can ride a hare. Getting away from fat bus drivers is a shitty business. Jungkook can handle it without this asshole.

 

He buttons his windbreaker up to his throat and sticks his hands in his pockets. It's a cool morning, but the sky is bright blue, not a cloud. Jungkook lowers his head, looking down at the toes of his battered sneakers, and clenches his jaw in anger at the fucking brute. If Guk had known he was going to be like this, he wouldn't have even approached him at Jihan's house yesterday. I wonder how he would have handled it.

 

"Shit," Hooke says angrily, unable to resist.

 

— Who the fuck did you call?" I hear a familiar, deep voice behind me. Jungkook almost screams in surprise. He restrains himself and turns his head to the side with an indifferent face. A black merc is slowly following him. - Sat down abruptly, I'm not going to spend gas on your fuckups.

 

"I wasn't going to fuck you," Jungkook grumbles as he turns off the curb and gets in the passenger side of the car.

 

Vincent suddenly slams the gas pedal to the floor, and Merc roars forward. Jungkook almost bangs his head against the window again, but manages to keep his balance just in time, hastily buckling himself into a seat belt.

 

— You're in a fucking hurry, aren't you?" "What is it?" he asks, feeling a little guilty for some reason.

 

"Fucked up," Vincent agrees, focusing his gaze on the road and playing with the muscles in his face. In the light of day, his stubble looks even more noticeable. Did it grow back overnight? Hooke catches himself looking at the blond again and mentally gives a bream, turning to the window.

 

They drive in tense silence for a while, listening only to the steady hum of the car's engine. Jungkook puts his headphones in his ears and gets lost in the music, but this time, for some reason, he doesn't even think about pulling his phone out of his pocket, which, by the way, hasn't vibrated since Jimin's last call. He and Yoongi are probably catching the last of the night's booze.

 

"Vincent..." Jungkook breaks the silence, turning his head to look at the blond. "Fuck, that sounds weird." Is that really your real name?

 

"Seriously," Vincent says, giving Jungkook a quick glance. It stared at him again with its big, beady black eyes.

 

"I don't believe it, it's not a name for this place. Tell me your real self, " Hooke says, his fingers almost clinging to the blond's hard shoulder. "Like a brother."

 

Vincent chuckles briefly.

 

"Like a brother?" When did we become bros?

 

"You slept on top of me," Jungkook says, frowning. It sounded fucking weird, but wasn't it?

 

"I've been sleeping on someone a lot," Vincent grins.

 

— I won't see you again anyway." Tell me your name — " Jungkook says, his eyes already begging. But the blonde doesn't seem to take anything.

 

"Fuck it?" He asks with a tired sigh.

 

"Just curiosity," Hooke shrugs.

 

"It'll kill you someday, be careful.

 

"Fucked up, here you are.…

 

"And the tongue is too long," the blond turns his head to Jungkook. His gaze drops to the small one's pinkish lips, glistening from frequent licks. "He'll take you where you don't want to go, too."

 

Jungkook purses his lips and turns away, pulling out his phone and opening the first game he sees. He already knew that it was useless to argue with this guy. Vincent is the kind of guy who won't do anything unless he wants to. They drive the rest of the way to Jungkook's house in silence again.

 

"We're here, nerd," Vincent announces, pulling up at the right entrance ten minutes later.

 

Hooke pops out of the game and puts his phone in his pocket.

 

"Thanks," he says softly, and opens the door to get out.

 

"Thank you," Vincent says suddenly, turning to Jungkook. — If you hadn't helped me crawl up to this baby, she'd have been spizdited by the local fuckers." There are some people who have designs on her, " the blond man says, frowning in displeasure.

 

"Come on, in short, don't be late for your work there," he gets out of the car and closes the door, moving towards the entrance.

 

— Kim Taehyung.

 

Jungkook stops and slowly turns around. Vincent is leaning on the roof of the merc.

 

"If you tell someone, I'll catch them and squeal them out." I know where you live now, " the blond man lifts his head, squinting around the house.

 

Jungkook breaks into a satisfied smile.

 

"Okay, Kim Taehyung —" he grins, nodding and turning back to the entrance.

 

— I'm serious, kid, just try it…

 

Hooke holds up his middle finger without turning around. Vincent frowns indignantly, leaving his mouth hanging open.

 

"I'll stick this finger up your ass, you'll see," Taehyung promises, and Jungkook just laughs loudly and disappears through the entrance door. "Fucking bunny," Vincent mutters, and gets into the merc, taking off with a squeal of tires.

 

 

Jungkook pops out from under the covers and exhales noisily, staring up at the cracked ceiling. I should throw open the window above my head, ventilate the house, which has been smelling of alcohol for many years, but the climb is so heavy that it is easier to endure and choke. Jungkook looks up and sees the soft snow-white clouds passing through the blue sky outside the window. They look so much like cotton candy. I'd like to eat it now. From the street, you can already hear the traditional screams of a neighbor's married couple, the barking of dogs and the grumbling of a granny who tries to drive stray dogs away from the entrance every day (Jungkook feeds them quietly, so they don't leave). My father's probably passed out after a night of drinking with his drunk friends, which will last until the evening. Jungkook never ceases to marvel at the man's resilience. And how is it that his liver hasn't failed yet? Miracles, no doubt. Also, assholes usually live a long time. God doesn't need any scumbags there, so he takes the pure souls ahead of time. Well, and all sorts of weaklings.

 

After lying there for what feels like a hell of a short five minutes, Jungkook gets out of bed with a grunt and a puckered face, pulls up his boxers so that the elastic slaps the little guy's stomach, and opens the window to breathe in the cool, fresh air. It's time to get ready for school.

 

After he's washed and dressed, Jungkook drapes the strap of his backpack over his shoulder and adjusts the nest on his head with his fingers, not looking in the mirror. It's like a hungry whale howling in my stomach. But you can't explain to him that there is no food in the house, and it is more expensive to eat your father's snack. There's no point in looking in the refrigerator.

 

Jungkook quietly opens the door to his father's bedroom, afraid it will creak, and holds his breath as he sticks his head inside. Checking in the morning to see if a drunkard is dead is another rite of passage. Jungkook can tell by the loud snoring that death with the scythe hasn't come for his father yet. And Guk doesn't even know whether to be happy about it or not. In any case, life would be much better without it. He would check on his father again tomorrow morning.

 

Putting on his cross-country shoes, Jungkook slips into the entryway, untangling the wire of his headphones as he goes. He used to freak out when they were tied up in some sea knots, but now he's used to it and does it calmly. No one will ever break this law, you just need to accept it. Jungkook also learned how to play music in his head, which helps a lot during boring classes. Otherwise, I would have died altogether.

 

After disentangling multiple knots, Guk leaves the entrance and inserts one earpiece into his ear. Just as he's about to put the second one in, he looks up and rolls his eyes. Jimin is standing in the driveway, leaning against the hood of his BMW with his arms crossed. He looks up as his brother steps out into the street.

 

"The fuck's here?" Jungkook asks dryly, reluctantly pulling out his earpiece and crumpling it in his hands again.

 

"Drop me off at school," Jimin says calmly, shoving his hands into the front pockets of his black jeans. "Get in, you'll be late," he says, nodding at the car.

 

"Fuck off to your house, I can get to school without you." Don't strain yourself, " Jungkook chuckles, looking away. He feels sick to look at Jimin because of the resentment he feels inside of him.

 

A month ago, his brother dumped Jungkook, leaving him alone with his motherfucking father. I rented myself a hut (it's probably fucking awesome, Guk is sure of that) and fucked off to a better life with Yoongi. And he doesn't seem to see her as his younger brother.

 

Jimin looks up at the sky wearily and straightens up, pulling away from the hood of the bmw.

 

"I've told you a thousand times why I moved, slow-down," he says with restraint, looking the little guy in the eye. — I can't burn down our hut to these people. If anything goes wrong, they might kill you or your dad. Jimin glances up to where the windows of their apartment are. "But you…

 

"But I can take care of myself, I always have a knife with me," Hooke says, slapping his backpack. Thanks to the man who taught him how to handle a bladed weapon. "Why the fuck are you even getting into this kind of craving?" What if they decide to remove you?

 

"They won't take me out," Jimin says hoarsely, squinting slightly against the sun.

 

"You're so fucking confident," Petty says sarcastically. "Stop making excuses like this is all for my own safety. Just tell me you're fucked up and I'll fuck off.

 

Guk purses his trembling lips and exhales noisily through his nose, turning away. He'll really understand if it's about himself. And Jimin can be understood, he devoted his entire life to raising Jungkook, sacrificed his future, gave up on higher education and went to make money for a living. And still small eats resentment. Jimin just threw his clothes in his bag one day and left the apartment, saying that it was the right thing to do. Maybe he should, but that doesn't stop Jungkook. The resentment inside of him is always nagging, growing every time you see Jimin, who is pathetically trying to fix something after he silently left. Threw. And probably the little one would have died of loneliness and melancholy, which someone else dispels with just one name. It's all Jungkook has left, but he didn't throw it away.

 

"Look, Hooke, these people are a hundred times scarier than a drunk father…

 

— I don't give a shit about my dad! Hooke raises his voice, staring at his brother and spreading his arms out to the sides. "On you now, too," he says in a lower voice, gritting his teeth. My lower lip trembles treacherously.

 

"Don't fucking say such things to me, you idiot..." Jimin rubs the bridge of his nose nervously and takes a step towards his brother. He's never felt better.

 

The roar of a merc that arrives makes you stop. Both brothers look around in unison. A black one-forty pulls up right in front of Behi. Jimin's face immediately tightens and takes on a stony expression, while Jungkook's eyes flash with joy and relief. The driver's side door opens and Vincent steps out, a half-smoked cigar tucked into the corner of his mouth. He's wearing only a black T-shirt, black house shorts, and open-toed sneakers. He shoves his hands into the pockets of his shorts and frowns slightly at Hooke.

 

"What's all this fuss about?" He asks, giving Jimin an unreadable look, then looks back at the little guy. "What the fuck are you up to?" Jump in the car come on.

 

Jungkook doesn't look at his brother as he walks over to Taehyung and touches his tattooed forearm with his fingers.

 

— Don't tell him anything, just let's go, " he says softly, gently pulling the older man toward Merc.

"Are you hurting my bunny?" Vincent completely ignores the little guy and addresses Jimin without moving an inch. His brows draw together sternly, and his eyes harden. Jungkook sighs heavily and rolls his eyes. He missed the two of them in the morning and the extra hype.

 

"You shouldn't be fucked," Puck says, and looks at his brother, pretending that Vincent doesn't exist. "Guk, didn't I teach you that messing around with nariki is bad?

 

Taehyung lets out a short laugh and puffs out cigarette smoke, then tosses the butt of his cigarette into the tiny flower bed that's spread out at the entrance. — You're no better than I am."

 

Jungkook grumbles, not giving up on trying to move Taehyung.

 

"Wait, bunny, the big boys are doing business," Vincent says, not taking his eyes off Puck.

 

— Get the fuck away from my brother and you'll solve one of my big problems, " Jimin gets more excited as he moves in Vincent's direction.

 

My fists clench of their own accord. Just the sight of that grinning asshole makes Puck's stomach flare. The superiority in his mocking brown eyes is irritating. It's like it says that Jungkook is choosing him over his own brother. And it's hard to look at Hooke at all. He's already shown me which side he's on. It's not like she's holding on to Jimin right now, or trying to cool him down.

 

At first, Puck tried to forbid the little guy from communicating with Vincent when he heard this big name from him, which is often heard in local areas, but you can't explain to a schoolboy in love that this relationship will not lead to anything good. Jungkook didn't listen to anything, and there was only one answer: "You're fucking a man yourself, why can't I?" Then Jimin decided to back it up. Uselessly. He only hoped that his age was fickle. Play new feelings for him with a man and score a dick. But for some reason, this game is now in its fifth month, and it's starting to really bother Jimin.

 

"Jungkook, should I fuck off of you?" Vincent asks, looking questioningly at the shrunken little guy. Taehyung grins and puts his arm around Jungkook's shoulder, pulling him closer to him. "He obviously doesn't want to, so fuck off with your space requests.

 

"You want to run into trouble?" Jimin snarls, moving closer to Taehyung. - Well, congratulations, you've already…

 

"That's enough, fuck it! Jungkook shouts, shaking off Kim's arm and pushing his brother out of the way. "I'm going to be fucking late because of you," Jungkook purses his lips and walks around Merce, sitting down on the passenger side and slamming the door behind him to indicate that he won't continue. My heart is pounding in my chest, and my heavy gaze is darting from one to the other with concern. What if they're swinging anyway?

 

But Hooke doesn't see Vincent's mocking gaze turn serious as his back is turned to Merce. The kid doesn't hear what Taehyung is saying to Jimin.

 

"Be his brother, bitch," Vincent says softly. — You seem to have forgotten your part." Open your eyes and pay attention to it.

 

"Stay out of things that don't concern you," Jimin says just as quietly, glaring at Taehyung. — You don't fit into his future, do you?" Park looks over Taehyung's shoulder at the merc that his younger brother has chosen. — In the meantime, get high.

 

Vincent gives Puck an unreadable stare for a few seconds, then gives a dry grin and abruptly turns around, walking over to the car and opening the door.

 

Jimin leans back against the hood of his baeha and lights a cigarette, watching the merc take off. Someday Jungkook will realize that every step Jimin takes is for him. Puck had long since forgotten about himself. My brother's life has always been above all else.

 


"Nothing new, huh?" Vincent asks as he drives out of the yard. Guk sits brooding, hugging his backpack to his chest with both hands.

 

"I wanted to give you a lift," the little guy says softly.

 

He feels bad. The changes that Jimin brought into his life without warning a month ago, he doesn't like them once. This stupid feeling that now it will not be the same as before, does not give rest. It's hard to convince yourself that it can't always be good. Thankfully, Vincent seems to know when to show up, and with one click, he blasts Jimin's fucking thoughts out of his head. Still, it makes me uneasy to meet him. It would be better to pass by in silence at all, rather than listen to this favorite "for your sake" by my brother again. Jungkook doesn't like it that way. Don't give a fuck if that sounds childish.

 

— And I fucking woke up so early and fucked here at all speeds? So that he can intercept my cargo? Taehyung chuckles. "No fucking way.

 

"I wouldn't sit with him." I know these topics. Awkward silences and stuff, " Hooke says, waving it off.

 

"I'm more fun to be around," Vincent says with a smile and a wink.

 

"Yeah," Hooke says, looking quickly out the window. Why does the dull body not stop reacting and blushing at such seemingly insignificant moments? Jungkook doesn't know how much longer he's going to put up with this fucking puberty period. — You're not working today?" he asks, biting his lip.

 

"In the evening," he says, pulling down the window on his side and hanging his arm. Jungkook hums and nods in understanding.

 

If it's in the evening, it means that the work will not be completely legal. In general, fucking going against the law. But Jungkook is no stranger to this. If you only try to survive honestly in their finished world,then you can easily bend down and die in some dump. Most of the people who live here still survive, mostly dealing in dope and prostitution.

 

"Lucky you're going home to get some sleep," Hooke grumbles, sticking out his lower lip.

 

"Go ahead and learn, pup," Taehyung grins, slapping the little guy on the back of the head.

 

"Fuck it! Hooke yells, glaring at Vincent's smiling face. "In the mood to swing with me again?" Then you'd better let Jimin off. I still have to see who's who, though, " Jungkook says, frowning.

 

"What did you say?" Taehyung squints at the little guy questioningly. "And you doubt my strength?" Maybe you've forgotten where I escaped from, where I survived and made a place in the sun.

 

"From the moon?" Hooke snorts, and abruptly presses himself against the door, trying in vain to get away from Vincent. It doesn't work. Taehyung gives the laughing Jungkook a small but firm slap in the face and puts his hand back on the steering wheel. If I hadn't been driving, I'd have been punched in the face. Jungkook is no stranger to Taehyung's sudden urges to hurt. But he always gets the same response.

 

"Fuck off," Kim says, turning back to the road.

 

"I'm sorry," Hooke says, moving closer to the blond and nuzzling his shoulder, breathing in his favorite scent of fresh pine needles. Taehyung likes low-key, fresh and natural scents, which he has also taught the little ones to do.

 

"You know how to apologize," Vincent says coldly, giving the little one a mock scowl and catching a puppy-dog look. Right in the fucking heart.

 

"Fuck it, I won't be able to sit down again for three days," Hooke says abruptly, lightly kicking the guy in the shoulder and pulling away. From a bunny to a prickly hedgehog in half a second. — Didn't they teach you to be gentler, gentler, where you escaped from?" Or did you skip this topic because you fucked up?

 

"One more fucking word and no school," Taehyung said, turning on his fearsome voice. Jungkook's eyes light up, a smile begging to be put on his face. "And believe me, bunny, I'd rather go to school than…

 

— Good! I'll apologize today, " Jungkook mutters, folding his arms across his chest.

 

"Good boy," Vincent says with a satisfied grin, patting the kid's knee.

 

Vincent ran away from an orphanage when he was fifteen. Thrown there literally in infancy, he doesn't know a damn thing about his parents (if you can call them that) and, in principle, still doesn't want to know. Sometimes he doesn't even believe he's ever had them. Strange, but it's easier to think that way. However, Taehyung has nothing to regret. They wanted to adopt him twice, but in both cases they returned him to the shelter as a thing that did not suit their taste.

 

He was never particularly friendly and preferred to be alone. This is better than with stupid kids who have only one goal in their heads — to take the last thing you have and destroy it. And even hope. But even so, Taehyung wasn't exactly quiet. There was always someone who fucked up to him and always got the choicest cunts for it. He even clashed with the teachers, who were too fucked up and took advantage of their position. In most cases, they even neglected their children.

 

When Taehyung was eight, he decided to learn how to fight from Van Damme movies like " Blood Sport." Encouraged, he stole one of the teacher's fat fashion magazines, found a hammer and a couple of nails from the gardener, and nailed the magazine to a tree in the back garden of the shelter, so that no one would burn down the office, break in where they didn't ask, and get new cunts. There he began to practice, honing the punches on the magazine until the last page was erased under the pressure, leaving a hole in the center.

 

In a cruel place with unbearable conditions and no way to live, as they say, "like a human being", Taehyung survived without being able to develop in anything other than fighting. And he loved art. More precisely, he tried to love, but even this was stifled in him, not allowing him to open up.

 

Deciding not to wait until he was of age, he decided to run away. It was only necessary to find the right moment. And that, fortunately, was found. Meat was brought to the shelter. While they were busy unloading and talking unnecessarily, Taehyung climbed into the van and hid, ready to jump into his new life with the sickening smell of raw meat. But it couldn't have been so perfect. The astute driver quickly discovered the extra "meat". Taehyung, ignoring the possibility of success, with universal fatigue in his big, bewitching eyes, told the man directly that he was fucked up and wanted to get out of this place to hell. The driver stared at the kid for a few seconds, then nodded silently and got behind the wheel.

 

Outside the shelter, Vincent's life began.

 

The man turned out not to be a thick-headed log, knowing only the language of strength and meat, but quite understanding. He said that he was also from an orphanage, but most likely, he just fucked up to show this very understanding in this way. Besides giving Taehyung a ride to the nearest residential area, he also helped him find a temporary job so that he wouldn't starve to death. It seemed that the boy who had lived in an orphanage all his life would not be able to adapt to the new conditions, but Taehyung was welcomed by the world with open arms, and so tightly held that he was not going to let go anywhere else. Taehyung became a child of the streets. He survived with the help of petty theft and part-time work, and eventually moved on to serious cases related to drugs, and then a new stage of life began.

 

Taehyung wanted to learn. He wanted to finish high school like all normal people, but he couldn't get in, or they'd send him back to hell, where he'd spectacularly fucked off in a meat truck, burning all the bridges behind him. Then I decided to start self-education.

 

One dream-to connect the future with the law, split before it matured. And they didn't give me any hope, brutally nipping me in the bud. By some miracle, Taehyung managed to pass the entrance exams perfectly, and he was already preparing for student life, but they didn't allow him to become an educated member of a civilized society, requiring a heavenly amount for training, which an eighteen-year-old boy could not possibly have. Neither theft nor drugs would have helped. Then came a disappointment the size of a globe, and a single dream turned to dust.

 

Life had thrown Vincent back into the illegal business, but the kid wasn't going to get involved. So, just on the surface. He continued to work legally, as he does to this day. He doesn't care what kind of work he does. Starting from a waiter and ending with a laborer. Taehyung is someone who's never been afraid to get his hands dirty with shit.

 

It's probably something that keeps him from forgetting that he's a simple person.

 

Vincent reaches for the radio and turns on the music, which has begun to spread through the cabin with a pleasant clear sound. Jungkook lifts his head and frowns, listening to the rhythmic sounds.

 

— Did you listen to that in the eighties?" He asks, glancing at Taehyung.

 

"Late nineties, actually," he says, sticking a cigarette between his teeth and steering smoothly down another street. "When you hatched." This is the music of my youth.

 

— How old were you then?"

 

"About fifteen," Vincent shrugs, lighting a cigarette and taking a drag.

 

"What?" Hooke says, turning his entire body toward the blond man, his eyes wide. — You're in your late forties!" Did you fuck me up? He makes a mock shocked face, as if he's been living a real lie all this time. Vincent is only twenty-three, but he sometimes thinks like a real forty-year-old. He also has jokes in their forties. The older one chuckles softly, not taking his eyes off the road, and Jungkook doesn't give up.

 

"You're not going to get away yet," Taehyung grins with mock malice, turning his head to look at the kid and shooting him a pedophile stare. A maniacal wide smile completes the look. Only a nasty mustache is missing.

 

"I'll run," Guk smiles, laying his head back on the older man's shoulder. "Nothing else. Tupac, like, right?

 

"You little sinner should have memorized his divine rap by now," Vincent taps ash out the window with his finger and takes another drag, then exhales with a high, filling the cabin with bitter smoke, which immediately clears, flying out. "Don't disappoint the ploughman, bunny.

 

It feels like a hell of a short walk to school for Jungkook. Just like he always does when he gets to ride with Vincent. This happens when Tom doesn't have to rush to work, or when Hooke spends the night at his place, which happens almost every day.

 

Merce stops in front of the school building, getting lost in the traffic. Jungkook sighs and picks up the strap of his backpack.

 

— You don't want to eat?" Vincent asks suddenly, putting his hand on the steering wheel and looking at Hooke intently. He slows down, taking his time to pull the door handle, and turns to the blond.

 

— Yes not…

 

"I'm really fucking hungry," Taehyung chuckles, pulling Jungkook over to his side and almost sitting him on his lap. Without letting the little one squeak, he covers his slightly parted lips with his own in confusion and pushes his tongue into the hot mouth. Jungkook shakes slightly as an electric shock runs through his skin in the form of a rapidly forming arousal. Without breaking away from the kiss, he throws his backpack back on the seat and covers the back of Taehyung's head with his hand.

 

Taehyung, as always, doesn't stand on ceremony and kisses wildly, like a deranged psychopath that he often reminds Jungkook of. But the little one likes it very much. These rough kisses can turn him on at times. Either Taehyung is such a fucking kisser, or puberty doesn't let him forget it. However, one does not interfere with the other.

 

Jungkook mumbles against Vincent's lips, breaking the kiss with great reluctance. Just a little more and you'll be ready to cum. Taehyung pushes, saturates himself to somehow survive the next five hours of solitude. These cute pink lips do not give rest, they can not help but catch Kim's lustful gaze, stir up something inside. And a dick, too, to be honest. Just want to. A lot of things I want to do with these lips right now. Yes, in general, always.

 

These five fucking hours already feel like a sentence, a punishment. I'd like to put some pressure on the gas, get away from the school, and put the little ones up to their necks somewhere.…

 

"T-t-t! The smallest one grumbles, putting his hands on Vincent's broad shoulders and licking his flushed lips with a full cat. — I'm going to be late for class right now because of you!"

 

"Really? Taehyung chuckles, cupping Hooke's cheeks with his fingers and staring into his large beady eyes, intoxicated with desire. — I don't give a fuck. If you interrupt me again, I'll fuck you on the hood right in front of school, I swear, bunny. For everyone to see. And classmates, and teachers, and direk…

 

"I believe you! Jungkook rolls his eyes, untangling himself from the older man's grip and grabbing his backpack. Vincent watches his every move intently, the muscles in his face twitching. Guk turns around abruptly and kisses Taehyung's stubbly chin, then opens the door and slips out of the car. "Stay out of this shit, please," he says, crouching down and peering into the car.

 

"Taehyung-yi will be a good boy," Vincent replies in a squeaky voice, giving Jungkook a sweet smile.

 

"Fuck it! he rolls his eyes. "Crazy," Jungkook grumbles, closing the door and walking quickly back to school so Taehyung doesn't suddenly decide to chase after him for an extra bazaar. He can do it. And Jungkook is sure that school won't stop him.

 



The door creaks softly, and Jungkook pauses for a second. In perfect silence, it seems that this sound could be heard even on the street. He jerks the door open, assuming Taehyung isn't home, and enters, locking the door behind him. Finally, another hard day at school is over, and ahead of him are two long-awaited days off, in which he will definitely not return to his home. Besides, Taehyung probably won't let him leave. Again, he will not let you crawl out of the apartment, arrange lazy days full of animal desires and grub in front of the TV. But no one is against it. It couldn't be better.

Jungkook kicks off his red-and-white cross-country shoes in the narrow hallway, drops his backpack and jacket on the floor, and makes his way to the kitchen, unbuttoning his shirt and leaving it somewhere under his feet. Frowning, Shallow pulls up short at the doorway that leads to the only room that serves as both a living room and a bedroom.

 

Vincent is home. And he sleeps surprisingly quietly.

 

Jungkook raises his eyebrows and looks at the boy. He sleeps on his stomach and doesn't have a T-shirt on. He's wearing only the same black shorts he was wearing that morning. And he sleeps on the floor. That is, not on the floor, but on a mattress placed on the floor almost in the very center of the room.

 

Taehyung doesn't have a bed.

 

But above the old TV station (which, by the way, stands on a small pedestal) hangs a picture of Vincent Van Gogh (real) with a picture of a room in which there is even a bed. It wasn't that Taehyung couldn't afford that luxury… The first time Jungkook came to this house, he said that he didn't prefer a bed. He is more comfortable when there is no empty space between him and the floor. And why? He doesn't know. It's just that the floors are probably more comfortable. Jungkook didn't argue. He stopped being surprised by this man's oddities literally after the first meeting at the Dzhikhanov party.

 

Hooke stares at the sleeping guy for about a minute and then moves to the kitchen. A rumbling stomach gives a signal that cannot be ignored. It was a wonder Vincent hadn't woken up to that howl. Jungkook enters the small kitchen and opens the refrigerator, which hums softly. Half empty, that's all. It's usually easy to tell how much Taehyung needs money. If it's full, then Kim has made some good money. But whether it is legal or not is another matter of no importance. The main thing is loot.

 

Jungkook decides to make himself a sandwich and eat it with tea. He cuts up the necessary food, puts on the kettle and turns around the kitchen like some kind of hostess. Fucking hungry hostess. When the kettle boils, Hooke pours the tea and pops a slice of fresh cucumber into his mouth, then goes into the room, crunching quickly and loudly for the whole house, like a real bunny.

 

"Ta..." the little one whispers, climbing onto Vincent's back and pressing his cheek against his warm shoulder. Clings to the sleepy motionless body, like a small panda. "Tae, get up," he drawls lazily, shifting slightly on top of the older boy, running his fingers over the bare areas of his skin. Vincent mumbles something unintelligible, like a dirty mat, but doesn't open his eyes. "Taehyung-ee, please," Guk says, nuzzling the back of his head and exhaling hotly. Again, zero reaction. Then he starts to shift his lower body on top of Taehyung, and his lips move over Taehyung's shoulder blades, leaving short kisses.

 

Success.

 

Vincent begins to show signs of life. He opens his eyes with difficulty and turns his head to the side, wrinkling his sleepy face. There was a pillow dent on his cheek.

 

"Little bunny, you're confused. It's my ass, not my cock — " he says in a low, husky voice. It's driving Jungkook crazy. In his voice, you can easily choke and drown. Fucking goosebumps. "Let me turn around and you can ride me properly."

 

"I don't want to," the little guy rolls his eyes and slides off Taehyung, laying down next to him and resting his head on the only pillow they usually share. — I want you to sit with me."

 

"Jungkook, baby, fuck off..." Vincent sighs, rolling onto his back and folding his hands over his stomach like a dead man. — I'm tired."

 

"Well, get up! Guk raises his voice, jumping up, grabbing Taehyung's arm and yanking him back. — You've been sleeping all day, what are you tired of?!

 

Two minutes later, Jungkook is actively chewing on a hand-made sandwich and washing it down with warm black tea with three tablespoons of sugar in it. Along with food, the body also gets a good mood. Already a smile blooms on your face, and a bright warm sun appears above your head. But someone else, sitting next to me with a crumpled face, has a thick black cloud forming over their head, throwing lightning bolts into this fucking sun.

 

Vincent sits next to him, elbows folded on the table, staring furiously at the tattoos on his arms to stay awake, while Jungkook devours everything. How does it even fit so much?

 

— What the fuck did you do to wake me up?" Taehyung asks after a long silence, broken by the slurping of the baby, keeping his voice as low-key as possible.

 

"I'm bored eating alone," Guk mumbles as he chews.

 

— This is fucking fun for you, isn't it?" Vincent raises his eyebrows and glares at the younger boy in a way that makes it hard to swallow a bite. Stupid sarcasm. Taehyung should be banned.

 

"I'm fine," Jungkook shrugs as if nothing has happened and continues to eat.

 

Taehyung rests his cheek on his palm and watches him closely, hoping to embarrass him, but he holds on, trying to avoid that crawling scanning gaze. Miraculously, Jungkook manages to finish the last bite and wash it down with tea. This is a silent confrontation. Taehyung doesn't look away for a second, but as soon as Guk puts the cup down, he abruptly stands up from the table and picks up the little guy with a jerk.

 

"What the fuck! Hooke shouts, eyes wide with surprise.

 

"I'm going to get compensation for grossly disrupting my sleep," Taehyung says calmly, throwing Jungkook onto the mattress and starting to unbutton the fly of his school pants.

 

"You bitch, I haven't digested my chowder yet," Guk grumbles, glaring at Taehyung's unflappable expression, but Taehyung continues to undress him.

"It's even faster to digest, motherfucker," Vincent chuckles, hovering over Jungkook and silencing him with a kiss. The sound of the unspoken word sinks into my mouth.

 

Jungkook quickly gives up. There's no point in fucking around. They both don't like it. Guk relaxes and gives himself up to the sensations. He immediately begins to get excited, just like the first time. When Taehyung's long finger, glistening with grease, penetrates the narrow, hot interior, the pain mixes with the high. Taehyung pushes a second finger into Jungkook, too, in a short space of time, and Jungkook whimpers softly and shrinks, making things more difficult. With his free hand, Vincent slaps him on the thigh.

 

"Relax, fuck. How am I going to shove a dick at you? Taehyung says, slowly spreading his fingers inside the Hook like a pair of scissors. He groans softly and closes his eyes.

 

— I don't fucking control it, " he says, exhaling noisily. "I'd like to try it myself... bitch!" His body shivers pleasantly as Taehyung's other hand covers Hooke's erect cock and begins to slide slowly over it to distract him from the itchy sensation in his ass.

 

This sight is impossible to look at calmly. Taehyung himself shifts impatiently in his seat and swallows hard as saliva accumulates in his mouth. What is called: unable to keep a member in his pants. Through gritted teeth, you have to endure. Small first you need to stretch enough, otherwise you will not avoid tears.

 

Jungkook manages to relax, and then the process starts to go faster and easier. Taehyung finally gets rid of his shorts and underwear, sits down between Hooke's spread legs, and smears the stake over his standing and aching cock, pressing the head against the ring of muscles, slowly starting to push inside. Hooke arches his back and clutches the pillow, breathing fast and trying not to strain. After all, three fingers wasn't even close to Taehyung's size. And it seems to be far from the first time, but it seems unrealistic to get used to it.

 

Taehyung doesn't feel or hear any obstacles, but he pushes hard and lets out a loud breath in sync with Jungkook's loud moan. He grabs the younger boy by the hips and starts moving, losing all the patience he's ever had. Bending down, he takes Jungkook's face in his hands and grabs his lower lip with his teeth, pulling and nibbling lightly, then kisses him deeply, filling his lungs with himself and getting a moan of pleasure against his lips in return. Gook traces Taehyung's slightly protruding ribs with his fingers and climbs up to his heaving, wet chest. He dares to open his eyes, and when he meets Taehyung's gaze, for some reason, he breaks into an intoxicated smile.

 

"What the fuck are you grinning at?" Vincent asks, stroking his thumb across his cheek, touching it to the very smile that was meant for him alone.

 

— You know that. What the fuck are you asking? Guk wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck and pulls him closer, nuzzling his lips into Taehyung's temple and covering his eyes.

 

How did it happen that a small natural boy fell in love with a man? But this is not a fucking romantic and beautiful story, full of amazing adventures and challenges.

 

They met at another party with mutual friends. Vincent just looked into those black rabbit eyes and couldn't resist the overwhelming emotion. In the end, these feelings won out, and Vincent plunged the little straight man into a new religion. To new places with new pleasures, in which the little one is lost, like a drug addict in his high. He didn't want to come up again and finally managed to fully understand Jimin and Yoongi.

 

But it's not just the fucking, but the piercing brown eyes that reflect the endless starry night.

 



It was getting dark. Millions of stars are spread out on the dark blue canvas, illuminating the dark streets, where to meet a working lamppost is equated with a real miracle. Save rare neon signs. This is a sin to attempt, otherwise how will the local drunks find their way to the bar? So they kept the lighthouses. Fucking lost ships.

 

Not a soul on the street, not a sound. Even stray dogs and cats hid. It was as if the apocalypse had begun. The local boys aren't in the mood to wander the streets.

 

Lit up by the starlight pouring down from the sky, one hundred and forty stands, waiting for something at the side of a deserted intersection.

 

- Well, what is it? Jungkook asks, engrossed in playing soccer on the phone. He's sprawled out in the passenger seat, the tip of his tongue sticking out, his eyes fixed on the screen, not even blinking.

 

"They're coming, I can see them," Vincent says, squinting at the street through the windshield. "Don't get out, I'll handle it."

 

Jungkook tosses his phone into the backseat and straightens up, raising his eyebrows and looking focused.

 

"I'll go too," he protests, shaking his head.

 

— If I get killed, you need to get the fuck out of here fast." Don't let them take it, " Taehyung says softly, his hand gently touching the steering wheel.

 

"You're... what are you saying?" Hooke swallows hard, staring at the blond excitedly. — I'm not throwing you away. Is it that fucking dangerous? Let's get out of here? We can't take any chances, Tae, let's leave abruptly before they get there — " the little guy gives the windshield a startled look. — What the fuck are you doing here?"

 

"Are you fucked up?" Taehyung lets out a short laugh, raising one eyebrow and looking at Hooke like he's a moron.

 

— What…

 

"It was a test, and you almost passed it," Vincent grins.

 

"What do you mean, almost?" "Hooke doesn't understand. But I was relieved. Another rush out of nowhere to fuck the little guy's nervous system for the hundredth time. How Vincent loves to do it.

 

"You always forget your car," Taehyung rolls his eyes and grabs the edges of Jungkook's black hat with his fingers, yanking it down and covering his face. — And how can I let you ride in it after being so disrespectful?"…

 

"Fuck," Jungkook chuckles, ripping the hat off his face. Taehyung chuckles at the sight of the boy looking disheveled and pouting with indignation. "Stop doing that, you moron," he grumbles, pulling the hat back on his head and giving Kim a light punch on the shoulder. — I love this car, but you're more important."

 

"You really melted my heart right now," Taehyung grins and reaches into the backseat, grabbing his cap and pulling it over his head with the visor facing forward. - In short, we will return the goods and go to the restaurant.

 

— Are you serious?" Guk asks with genuine surprise, staring at the older man. Inside, straight joy began to sparkle, a smile breaks out. — Are you taking me to a restaurant?"

 

"Yes," Taehyung nods, ready to laugh at any second. — You go to the store across the street for a beer, and you'll get some chips or something." Let's sit in the park.

 

Jungkook rolls his eyes so hard that he can see the inside of his brain.

 

"Fuck, really, what else would I expect from you," he mutters, getting out of the car. Nothing new, just once again shattered hopes.

 

"Do you want to fuck around?" Vincent asks, grabbing a small black bag and following him out.

 

"You have two hands," Hooke chuckles, pulling the hood of his hoodie over his head and shoving his hands into the pockets of his sweats.

 

- Do you want to go to our hut? If Hoseok's sister isn't home, " Taehyung walks around Merce and puts an arm around Jungkook's shoulder with a mocking smile that never leaves his face.

 

"Hoseok's at work right now," Guk rolls his eyes.

 

"You're so fucking complicated," Taehyung says. "That's why I never stand on ceremony with you.

 

"You're terrible," Hooke tries to push the older man's hand away, but the older man's grip on his shoulder tightens, preventing him from pulling away.

 

"Who's that?"

 

A small, inconspicuous struggle is interrupted by the voice of one of the approaching boys, to whom Vincent must give the dope. There are four of them, and one of them is definitely familiar to Hooke in appearance. They look fussy, periodically turning around, as if they are afraid of being chased. One of them smokes, and this is clearly not an ordinary whitefish.

 

"That's my son," Vincent replies with a proud face, patting Hooke on the shoulder. The boys simultaneously blunt their eyes and scan the small one. For a second, they seemed to believe me. Taehyung, having no desire to engage in dialogue, tosses the bag to the person who asked the question and stands slightly ahead of the others. "Money?" "What is it?" he asks, raising an eyebrow.

 

The kid snaps out of his daze and, with a curt nod, reaches into his pants pocket.

 

"Give Nam my sincere thanks, Vince. It's a lot of dope, " he says, holding out the rolled-up bills. Taehyung pokes Guk lightly in the back with his finger, and he steps forward, taking the loot and hiding it in the pocket of his hoodie. "Wait for me again in a couple of weeks.

 
